Flash loans does not enable anything new it simply allows everyone to
be able to trade with large amounts of capital (in one transaction),
if you did indeed posses a vast amount of wealth (if you are a whale)
then flash loans are not really of interest to you, you can already do
the things it allows. With that in mind however, lets look at use
cases for flash loans where most of them are interesting because
everyone can now do them, not just a select few with a lot of
capital. The following here is use-cases in which we can see the
average trader participating in due to the possiblity presented by
flash loans \cite{attack}.

\begin{wrapfigure}{r}{5.5cm}
  \centering
  \includegraphics[width=.2\textwidth]{assests/Flash-loans-18-jan}
  \caption{A simplified figure showing the first arbitrage using flash loans.}
  \label{fig:firstArb}
\end{wrapfigure}
\paragraph{Arbitrage} An asset' value is determined through supply and
demand, so if there is a larger supply of the asset than there is
demand the price will go down and if the supply goes down (while the
demand stays the same) the price goes up. This is reflected in the
different DEX's, however they do enot instantly synchronize, so if one
DEX trades an asset for a lower price than another, then there is an
\textit{arbitrage} opportunity. Arbitrage is the process of making
profit off of these prices difference. The prices differences will
usually be small so in order to make a significant amount of money you
will need a great deal of capital and this is where flash loans comes
in. Flash loans guarentees that the loans is paid back at the end of
the transaction, and arbitrage guarentees profit (if the trades back
and forth in the exchanges is instantaneous) therefore you could
consider arbitrage through flash loans risk-free, with the caveats
that you do not count the vulnerabilities of smart contracts and you
do not consider gas-fees a risk.

The first arbitrage, using flash loans, was reported by Camilla Russo
on twitter\footnote{Camilla Russo twitter post
  \url{https://twitter.com/CamiRusso/status/1218640871048056832}}. We
have illustrated a walkthrough of the arbitrage in figure
\ref{fig:firstArb}, where we can see that the arbitrage opportunity
lies in the exchange rate of Uniswap not matching the migration on
MakerDAO.

\paragraph{Wash Trading} When tradeing it is important to have an eye
on the trends of the market, what asset is frequently traded, how much
of it, and why. Wash trading is the process of creating an artificial
trend by buying and selling an asset thereby increasing the volume at
which the asset is traded which will attract investors. This practice
has been banned (in the USA) on the centralized markets since
1936. While we do not condone this practice it is undeniable a
use-case for flash loans since with no significant captial can greatly
increase the trade volume of an asset, and thereby manipulate the
market.

\paragraph{Collateral Swapping} Lots of DeFi protocols allows you to
put up collateral for loans, however there could be reasons for you
wanting to change that collateral for example if your collateral is in
ETH and the value of ETH declines, then you might want to swap it for
DAI but you might have taken out loans aganist this collateral, so you
do not have the capital to pay out your collateralized position and
take out a new one in a different asset. With flash loans this becomes
easy, you would loan the amount you need to pay out you position, swap
that capital to the asset you want as the new collateral, take out a
new collateralized position, and finally pay back the loan.

\paragraph{Liquidation action} Maybe, DeFi saver.

\subsection{Discussion}
As we can see in these few use cases it can be hard to say if flash
loans are malicious, as mentioned flash loans does not enable new
things, it simply allows everyone to trade with large amounts of
capital (within a single transaction). We would consider a use case
like arbitrage as benign, while you make money on market instabilities
you stabilize the market by doing so for example Uniswap version 2
depends on arbitrage to maintain a correct exchange rate, so here
flash loans just enables everyone to join in. Where use cases such as
wash trading (and oracle manipulation as we will see in section
\ref{ex}) are clearly malicious since these practices distorts the
market to gain a profitable opportunity without adding anything to the
market.

So flash loans 